# vioso

The idea behind vioso is to turn your make your make your vim sessions musical.  Vioso was inspired by and utilizes touchpianist.com to (currently) spawn a bash shell (via nix script with immediate flush) and a browser via selenium that reads the log file generated by script.

# future and questions

Vioso is just a prototype that I created to see how it feels to create some kind of mapping between programming and code.  It turns out that the pauses aren't nearly as bad as I thought.  


Music is an incredibly important tool in programming. It's certainly critical for me.  My initial experiment has left me with a number of questions like... How could we integrate music with the development process in such a way that we improve performance?  Could we create mappings between code an syntax?  Could we make those mapping sound like music, yet still make them unique?  If so, would that augment the programming experience?  Could we develop an "intuition" about algorithms based on how they sound?


## current implementation

The current implementation uses selenium to open up touchpianist.com and reads continuously from a file whose name is passed to vioso.py (argparse should tell you).  To generate the output file, I'm using script (man script) with the -t 0 option to flush the output immediately.  Future implementation might use habit vim to continuously update the logfile.  I suppose the idea isn't limited to vim (and again, the current implementation spawns a bash shell, actually), but that's my ultimate goal interest.


## dependencies
    
* selenium
    
    pip install selenium

* chrome driver
    
    brew install chromedriver

